# 部署服务端

在 Debian 系统部署服务端

> [Self-Hosting Guide - Debian/Ubuntu server · Jitsi Meet Handbook](https://jitsi.github.io/handbook/docs/devops-guide/devops-guide-quickstart)
>
> [Jitsi Downloads - iOS & Android apps; Jitsi Meet, & Jitsi Videobridge builds](https://jitsi.org/downloads/)

# 安装依赖

```bash
apt install -y gnupg2
apt install -y nginx-full
# 更新系统包
apt update
# 启用 apt 包服务 https
apt install apt-transport-https
```

# 添加 Jitsi 包仓库

```bash
apt install -y curl
apt install -y tee

curl https://download.jitsi.org/jitsi-key.gpg.key | sudo sh -c 'gpg --dearmor > /usr/share/keyrings/jitsi-keyring.gpg'
echo 'deb [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/jitsi-keyring.gpg] https://download.jitsi.org stable/' | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/jitsi-stable.list > /dev/null

# update all package sources
sudo apt update
```

# 开启端口

```bash
apt install -y ufw

sudo ufw allow 80/tcp
sudo ufw allow 443/tcp
sudo ufw allow 10000/udp
sudo ufw allow 22/tcp
sudo ufw allow 3478/udp
sudo ufw allow 5349/tcp
sudo ufw enable

# 查看防火墙状态
sudo ufw status verbose
```

# 安装 Jitsi Meet

```bash
# jitsi-meet installation
sudo apt install jitsi-meet
```

### 下载

无法下载应检查 DNS

### hostname

设置hostname，如果有域名，应使用域名；如果没有，应该使用服务器IP

> ### Domain of your server and set up DNS
>
> Decide what domain your server will use. For example, `meet.example.org`.
>
> Set a DNS A record for that domain, using:
>
> - your server's public IP address, if it has its own public IP; or
> - the public IP address of your router, if your server has a private (RFC1918) IP address (e.g. 192.168.1.2) and connects through your router via Network Address Translation (NAT).
>
> If your computer/server or router has a dynamic IP address (the IP address changes constantly), you can use a dynamic dns-service instead.

### TLS 证书

> Jitsi Meet is best to be set up with an SSL certificate. Having no certificate, a self-signed one will be generated. By choosing self-signed you will later have a chance to install Let’s Encrypt certificates. Having a certificate signed by a recognised CA, it can be uploaded on the server and point its location. The default filenames will be /etc/ssl/**domain.name**.key for the key and /etc/ssl/**domain.name**.crt for the certificate.

Jisti Meet 最好使用 SSL 证书安装，如果没有证书，将会生成一个自签名证书。通过选择自签名证书，然后可以安装 Let’s Encrypt 证书；如果有 CA 签发的证书，可以上传到服务器，默认的 key 文件：/etc/ssl/**domain.name**.key，证书文件：/etc/ssl/**domain.name**.crt

> ### TLS Certificate
>
> In order to have encrypted communications, you need a [TLS certificate](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transport_Layer_Security).
>
> During installation of Jitsi Meet you can choose between different options:
>
> 1. The recommended option is to choose ***Generate a new self-signed certificate\*** and create a Lets-Encrypt Certificate later (see [below](https://jitsi.github.io/handbook/docs/devops-guide/devops-guide-quickstart#generate-a-lets-encrypt-certificate-optional-recommended)) (this will replace the self-signed certificate).
> 2. But if you want to use a different certificate or you want to choose a different challenge type of Let's Encrypt (see [below](https://jitsi.github.io/handbook/docs/devops-guide/devops-guide-quickstart#generate-a-lets-encrypt-certificate-optional-recommended) for details), you should create that certificate first and then install jitsi-meet and choose ***I want to use my own certificate\***.
> 3. You could also use the self-signed certificate but this is not recommended for the following reasons:
>    - Using a self-signed certificate will result in warnings being shown in your users browsers, because they cannot verify your server's identity.
>    - Jitsi Meet mobile apps *require* a valid certificate signed by a trusted [Certificate Authority](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Certificate_authority) and will not be able to connect to your server if you choose a self-signed certificate.

Jisti 加密通信需要使用 TLS 证书，建议选择 ***Generate a new self-signed certificate\***，自签名证书会被替换

不建议使用自签名证书，浏览器的警告提醒和 Jitsi 移动 APP 不能连接到自签名证书的服务器

# 安装完成

通过浏览器打开 https://192.168.3.151，没有报错并且出现摄像头画面说明安装成功。



